fix: Updates for MongoDB upgrade to V5 (#1068)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/help-and-support/troubleshooting-guide/deployment-errors.mdx

#### Solution

To resolve this error, you must [upgrade to the checkpoint version](/getting-started/setup/instance-management/update-appsmith#upgrade-to-a-checkpoint-version), in this case, `v1.9.2`.

To prevent similar issues in the future, consider [enabling auto updates](/getting-started/setup/installation-guides/docker#enabling-appsmith-auto-updates) for your Appsmith instance. If you already had auto updates on and still encountered this issue, please contact the [Appsmith team](https://discord.com/invite/rBTTVJp) to determine the cause of the deployment problem

## Illegal instruction (core dumped)
MongoDB fails to start, after migrating to MongoDB version 5.

#### Error message

<Message
messageContainerClassName="error" 
messageContent="Illegal instruction (core dumped) mongod –fork –port 27017 –dbpath “$MONGO_DB_PATH"></Message>

#### Cause
MongoDB version 5 has specific CPU requirements. If these requirements are not met the server wouldn't start.

#### Solution

> To resolve this error, you must upgrade your infrastructure. See the [List of complaint hardware](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/administration/production-notes/#platform-support).

Reviewer: Currently, we have 2 options, either upgrade hardware to support Mongov5 or rollback to old Appsmith v.18.
Lets add a third option, that is to provision and use an external Mongov5 (preferably on Mongo Atlas)

Reviewer 2: @jnikhila can we add this?

> If you can't upgrade your infrastructure, downgrade your Appsmith instance to v1.8.15. Follow the steps below to downgrade to v1.8.15:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't upgrade your infrastructure, we recommend using an externally hosted Mongo v5.x instance (preferably on [Mongo Atlas](https://cloud.mongodb.com).
If the above options are not feasible for you then you will have to downgrade your Appsmith instance to v1.8.15. Follow the steps below to downgrade to v1.8.15:
```

#### Solution

To resolve this error, you must [upgrade to the checkpoint version](/getting-started/setup/instance-management/update-appsmith#upgrade-to-a-checkpoint-version), in this case, `v1.9.2`.

To prevent similar issues in the future, consider [enabling auto updates](/getting-started/setup/installation-guides/docker#enabling-appsmith-auto-updates) for your Appsmith instance. If you already had auto updates on and still encountered this issue, please contact the [Appsmith team](https://discord.com/invite/rBTTVJp) to determine the cause of the deployment problem

## Illegal instruction (core dumped)
MongoDB fails to start, after migrating to MongoDB version 5.

#### Error message

<Message
messageContainerClassName="error" 
messageContent="Illegal instruction (core dumped) mongod –fork –port 27017 –dbpath “$MONGO_DB_PATH"></Message>

#### Cause
MongoDB version 5 has specific CPU requirements. If these requirements are not met the server wouldn't start.

#### Solution
To resolve this error, you must upgrade your infrastructure. See the [List of complaint hardware](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/administration/production-notes/#platform-support).

> If you can't upgrade your infrastructure or can't upgrade your embedded Appsmith MongoDB version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If is not possible for you to upgrade your infrastructure to support MongoDB v5.
```

* You may use an external MongoDB version 5 or higher on [MongoDB Atlas](https://www.mongodb.com/pricing).
* **Or** downgrade your Appsmith instance to v1.8.15. Follow the steps below to downgrade to v1.8.15:

  1. Access your Appsmith instance and make the below change to the `docker-compose.yml` file:

  <Tabs groupId="appsmithEditions" queryString="current-edition">
    <TabItem value="CE" label="Community Edition" default>

    ```yaml
    services:
    appsmith:
      #highlight-next-line
      image: index.docker.io/appsmith/appsmith-ce:v1.8.15
      container_name: appsmith
    ```
    
    </TabItem>
    <TabItem value="BE" label="Business Edition">

    ```yaml
    services:
    appsmith:
       #highlight-next-line
      image: index.docker.io/appsmith/appsmith-ee:v1.8.15
      container_name: appsmith
    ```
    </TabItem>
  </Tabs>

  2. Run the restart command: 

  ```bash
  docker-compose up -d
  ```

> Your server starts with version 1.8.15, which makes all the necessary schema changes to your Appsmith instance. 

Reviewer: Should we also call out that v1.8.15 misses out on all the latest features, and should only be seen as a temporary solution until the usersare able to provision a VM that supports Mongo v5 or provision an external MongoDB?

Reviewer: v1.8.15 looks like a very bad path on the long term and should only be used to unblock user on the short term.
